#summary Plugin configuration

= Configuration =

The plugin may need to be configured before use. The configuration is not necessary if you don't have account with ZetaPrints and only intend to use ZetaPrints marketplace.

== Configuration parameters ==

Navigate to My Account tab / User Preferences / ZetaPrints Options.

*Image type:* GIF / JPG / PNG. 
Instructs ZetaPrints image generator to produce a file of the specified type.

*Already a ZP member:* Yes/No
 * Yes - Log into ZP when redirected to the site to access your profile.
 * No - ZP will create a new user account and the credentials will be stored in your OpenX profile so that you are logged in automatically every time you are redirected.

*Default location:* - URL of the landing page on ZetaPrints. Initially set to http://zetaprints.com, which is the home page for ZetaPrints marketplace.

== Buying banner designs on the marketplace ==
This option is for those who do not want to do any design work at all. Set the default location parameter to http://zetaprints.com. You will be able to search for banners of a suitable size, subject and appearance. A payment may be required before a personalized banner design can be downloaded.

 * Search for banners: http://zetaprints.com/?page=templates;Keywords=Internet%20banner;SearchType=1
 * Default location: http://zetaprints.com
 * Designer templates only: http://zetaprints.com/?page=templates;SearchType=1

== Using your own banner templates ==
Users can upload their own banner templates and use them from within OpenX. You need to be registered with ZetaPrints. Alternatively, you can elicit services of a graphic designer to create templates specifically for you without a need for you to sign up. See www.zetaprints.com for more details.

The initial landing page (Default location) can be: 
 * permalink to a certain catalog on ZetaPrints with your templates (e.g. http://realestate.zetaprints.com/?page=catalogue;CorporateID=2D245F1D-BAFE-47B5-93E5-63805754A54B)
 * link to the root of a ZetaPrints portal under a custom domain (e.g. http://realestate.zetaprints.com)
 * 






